cloud: add limitation about using keywords as column names (#14552)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-import-local-files.md

- Importing local files is supported only for TiDB Serverless clusters, not for TiDB Dedicated clusters.
- You cannot run more than one import task at the same time.
- If you import a CSV file into an existing table in TiDB Cloud, make sure that the first line of the CSV file contains the column names, and the order of the columns in the CSV file must be the same as that in the target table.

> - If a column name is a reserved [keyword](/keywords.md), TiDB Cloud automatically adds backticks `` ` `` to the column name. For example, if the column name is `order`, TiDB Cloud automatically adds backticks `` ` `` to the column name and import the data into the target table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If a column name is a reserved [keyword](/keywords.md) in TiDB, TiDB Cloud automatically adds backticks `` ` `` to enclose the column name. For example, if the column name is `order`, TiDB Cloud automatically adds backticks `` ` `` to the column name and imports the data into the target table.
```

```

If you use `mysql` and encounter `ERROR 2068 (HY000): LOAD DATA LOCAL INFILE file request rejected due to restrictions on access.`, you can add `--local-infile=true` in the connection string.

### Why can't I query a column with a reserved keyword after importing data into TiDB Cloud?

> If a column name is a reserved [keyword](/keywords.md), TiDB Cloud automatically adds backticks `` ` `` to the column name and then import the data into the target table. When you query the column, you need to add backticks `` ` `` to the column name. For example, if the column name is `order`, you need to query the column with `` `order` ``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a column name is a reserved [keyword](/keywords.md) in TiDB, TiDB Cloud automatically adds backticks `` ` `` to enclose the column name and then imports the data into the target table. When you query the column, you need to add backticks `` ` `` to the column name. For example, if the column name is `order`, you need to query the column with `` `order` ``.
```

> If a column name is a reserved [keyword](/keywords.md) in TiDB, TiDB Cloud automatically adds backticks `` ` `` to enclose the column name and then imports the data into the target table. When you query the column, you need to add backticks `` ` `` to the column name. For example, if the column name is `order`, you need to query the column with `` `order` ``.

Author: ```suggestion
If a column name is a reserved [keyword](/keywords.md) in TiDB, TiDB Cloud automatically adds backticks `` ` `` to enclose the column name and then imports the data into the target table. When you query the column, you need to add backticks `` ` `` to enclose the column name. For example, if the column name is `order`, you need to query the column with `` `order` ``.
```
